I don't want to die.
I beg me please let me go
Lao Wang comes home
These are the evidence of your Jiang family's crimes over the years
I'll give it all to the Sheriff's Department
Don't worry.
Before you make any incriminating evidence clear
I make you want to die
My Situ family
Times property is all for you
No, that's not important.
The centuries-old accumulation of my Situ family has also been imparted to you
We will give you all our money and connections.
No, it doesn't matter.
Then what are you
What do you want? I want no more Stu family in the world
That's what matters.
I know that you are the most ambitious person in the Situ family
I'm waiting for you don't put it by my side
Bei Xuan, it's all over
No, it's not over.
I still have one thing to do
So what's up?